
## Artist statement: 
In the age of AI, there isn't much holding people back from getting into all kinds of new hobbies and interests. Anyone can use AI to create amazing images for graphic novels, interactive narrative fictions, and video game art inspiration. For my project intention, I wanted to show how AI image generation can be used to aid in the use of game development. Personally, I have a very deep interest in creating my own indie horror game, but understand I have several areas I am lacking in to be able to do so, or at least to do so without extreme amounts of work. One of these areas is creating the assets and style of the game I imagine in my head. AI image generation is an amazing tool for somebody like me to be able to see their visions come to life. There are many styles in which images can be generated which can suit almost any art style used in games. In this project, my aim was to show stills from what would look like gameplay of a pixel style horror game. These are the pictures that would be displayed on a game page somewhere like Steam or Itch.io to show what playing the game looks like. I wanted the style of the game to be consistent and as believable as possible. The game should look like a horror game and keep up similar visuals to continue to look like the same game is being played in each picture. The story of the game is simply depicted as a policewoman who is investigating a murder, and I intended for this to be obvious from the selected images. Ultimately, I wanted to show how AI image generation can be used for people to extend their interests into projects and prove the consistency in styling that is obtainable from even the most simplistic tools in AI image generation. Although these images are not necessarily usable in game development as assets, they provide the ability to see exact inspiration and reference for people to use in such creations. Many people may be against such implementation, but it is exciting from my perspective to make game development more obtainable to people who want to create their own game art but are not so artistically inclined. It is also just really cool to see a visual depiction of a game or story that I thought of be created so quickly and creatively. 


## Summary of Work: 
This project was directly influenced by my own idea for a pixel style horror game. I have thought a lot about the story and gameplay for the game and used these AI-generated images to create a visual inspiration for the look of the game. Two of my projects this semester for my other class have also been mystery horror-based and have utilized AI-generated images in them. Both projects were created in Twine, one being a narrative completely written by ChatGPT with menial prompting from me. This project goes along really well with my collection of horror-themed AI-generated materials in my projects. Along with that, I do have plans to actually create this game at some point and will be using these images to provide inspiration for how I will attempt to make the art in my game. Since I am not experienced in digital art or any art in general, I am really happy to have a tool at my disposal to use in my projects to create images and art for them. I understand the many complexities of using AI-generated art and images, but hope to utilize them in a way that will show how helpful they can be to people with creative interests lacking skills in those areas. 
Instructions for running project: I am not really sure what to put in here since there isn't really any need to provide instructions for this project. All of these images were created in Bing Image Creator with no extra tools used to aid the image generation. I purely used prompts in order to get desired results, which I thought proved to be the best for getting good results. I used Gemini Advanced. DreamStudio, and Adobe Firefly as other platforms to make the images to test which one gave me the best results and ultimately felt that Bing Image Creator was able to give me the style I wanted the most consistently and accurately to my vision.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/pOt2-Udw_Nc?si=SyA4xM3LdN5hkW65" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
[digpics.zip](https://github.com/chickenjenders/dig5831/files/14767168/digpics.zip)
